[ADD] timesheets: billing rate leaderboad (#13921)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/timesheets/billing_rates.rst

:show-content:

=======================================
Timesheet billing rates and leaderboard
=======================================

Odoo’s **Timesheets** app allows you to set personalized :ref:`billing rate targets <timesheets/billing_rates/targets>`
for employees. In addition to billing rate targets, a :ref:`leaderboard <timesheets/billing_rates/leaderboard>`

> can be enabled to motivate employees and gamify their experience. The leaderboard displays billable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be enabled to motivate employees and gamify their experience. The leaderboard displays the billable
```

and total time logged by employees, and can be enhanced with :ref:`motivational tips <timesheets/billing_rates/tips>`.

.. _timesheets/billing_rates/targets:

Billing rate indicators
=======================

Configuration
-------------

To enable billing rate indicators, navigate to :menuselection:`Timesheets --> Configuration -->
Settings`, then enable :guilabel:`Billing Rate Indicators`, and click :guilabel:`Save`.

> To set up the targets, click :guilabel:`Billing Time Targets`, then encode the :guilabel:`Monthly
> Billing Time Target` in hours or days, depending on the :guilabel:`Encoding Method` selected in the
> **Timesheets** :guilabel:`Settings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
To set up the targets, click :guilabel:`Set employee billable time targets`, access the employee form that you wish to edit, navigate to the :guilabel:`Settings` tab, then encode the monthly :guilabel:`Billing Time Target` in hours or days, depending on the :guilabel:`Encoding Method` selected in the **Timesheets** :guilabel:`Settings`.
```
- To match the internal link's label in the settings
<img width="475" height="175" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0ec93095-f7b8-4d5e-a120-f91f18d90f0e" />

- To add the missing steps (you land on the list of employees when you click the internal link in the settings)
- To have only the field's label in the guilabel formatting
<img width="376" height="96" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3ff8cc5d-afc4-4aea-8eb2-c87616bcbd48" />

- Feel free to change this of course!

> .. note::
>    Once the :guilabel:`Billing Rate Indicators` have been enabled, you can also navigate to the
>    **Employees** app, access the employee form that you wish to edit, and navigate to the
>    :guilabel:`Settings` tab. Scroll down to :guilabel:`Application settings`, then encode the
>    :guilabel:`Monthly Billing Time Target`.

Reviewer: I would edit this note so we don't repeat the exact same steps as mentionned above (i.e., only keep the part about going to the Employees app):
```suggestion
.. note::
   Once the :guilabel:`Billing Rate Indicators` have been enabled, you can also set the employees' :guilabel:`Monthly Billing Time Target` directly from the **Employees** app.
```
